Documentation/python: Fix tutorial for running Python (#15881)
apache/nuttx: Documentation/applications/interpreters/python/index.rst

1. Python for NuttX target initially the ``rv-virt`` (RISC-V QEMU) board.
2. Python modules are stored in `pyc <https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-bytecode>`_ (byte-code format) and are loaded from a ROMFS image at startup.

> 3. Python application on NuttX mounts the Python's modules in the ROMFS partition and set the required environment variables (``PYTHONHOME`` and ``PYTHON_BASIC_REPL``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The Python wrapper application on NuttX mounts the ROMFS partition which
contains the Python modules and sets the required environment variables
(``PYTHONHOME`` and ``PYTHON_BASIC_REPL``) automatically.
```

1. Python for NuttX target initially the ``rv-virt`` (RISC-V QEMU) board.
2. Python modules are stored in `pyc <https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-bytecode>`_ (byte-code format) and are loaded from a ROMFS image at startup.
3. Python application on NuttX mounts the Python's modules in the ROMFS partition and set the required environment variables (``PYTHONHOME`` and ``PYTHON_BASIC_REPL``).

Building Python on NuttX
========================

Building Python NuttX

> =====================

Reviewer 2: Duplicated?
